Promote Jetstack Agent helm chart (#408)
jetstack/jetstack-secure: deploy/charts/jetstack-agent/README.md

# jetstack-agent

Jetstack Secure Agent

![Version: 0.1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: v1.38.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v1.38.0-informational?style=flat-square)

## Additional Information

The Jetstack secure agent helm chart installs the Kubernetes agent that connects to The TLS Protect For Kubernetes platform.
It will require a valid JSS organisation with a license to add the new cluster.
You should also choose a unique name for your cluster that it will appear under in the TLPK platform.

## Installing the Chart

First obtain your service account credential, this can be done through the UI or jsctl

For example:
```
jsctl auth clusters create-service-account blah | tee credentials.json
{
  "user_id": "blah1728023974@strange-jones.platform.jetstack.io",
  "user_secret": "REDACTED"
}
```

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

Method 1, create secret manually:
```
kubectl create secret -n jetstack-agent "<SOME_SECRET_NAME>" --from-file=credentials.json

> helm upgrade --install --create-namespace -n jetstack-agent-saas saas jetstack-agent/ --set config.organisation="strange-jones" \

Author: let's make amends on the readme.tmpl so the suggestions trickle down to README

 --set config.cluster="<CLUSTER_NAME>" --set authentication.secretName="<SOME_SECRET_NAME>"
```

Method 2, Pass secret to chart as a value`, it creates the secret:

```console

> # Install with secret

Reviewer: Remove this line or rename to set secret value:

```suggestion
# Set cluster name and associated secret value
export CLUSTER_NAME=""test_1
export HELM_SECRET="$(jsctl auth clusters create-service-account $CLUSTER_NAME | base64 -w0)"
# Installing by passing in secret
helm upgrade --install --create-namespace -n jetstack-agent-saas saas jetstack-agent/ --set config.organisation="strange-jones" \
--set config.cluster="$CLUSTER_NAME" --set authentication.createSecret=true --set authentication.secretValue="$HELM_SECRET"
```

Author: I think this is fixed now check again

# jetstack-agent

Jetstack Secure Agent

![Version: 0.1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: v1.38.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v1.38.0-informational?style=flat-square)

## Additional Information

The Jetstack secure agent helm chart installs the Kubernetes agent that connects to The TLS Protect For Kubernetes platform.

> It will require a valid JSS organisation with a license to add the new cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It will require a valid TLS Protect for Kubernetes organisation with a license to add the new cluster.
```
